README.md, before:

Summary of District Schools and Standardized Test Data

Standardized test data can assist in making key decisions in future budgets and staffing needs of schools within a district. Test scores from high schools within the district were analyzed with the following conclusions: 

The top five schools within the district; Carbrera, Thomas, Griffin, Wilson and Pena High Schools, are all charter schools with an overall passing rate (math and reading scores >=70) above 90%. These schools have smaller class sizes and smaller budgets per student when compared to the bottom five schools; Rodriguez, Figueroa, Huang, Hernandez, and Johnson. The bottom five schools are all district schools with an overall passing rate of less than 54%.

Average testing scores across grades in both reading and math did not reflect a significant change within each individual school. However, spending ranges (per student) saw a noticeable difference in testing averages and percentages. The same trend was observed with the size of the school.  As the spending range and size increase, the average test score and percentage of passing test scores decrease. 
 
In conclusion, schools (such as charter schools) with smaller classes sizes produce higher testing scores and overall percentage of passing in both reading and math. Although larger schools have higher budgets and budgets per student, the smaller class size is the key to average test scores and passing grades.

Commit message:

Added section dictating where in my code assistance was provided.

README.md, after:

Summary of District Schools and Standardized Test Data

Tech Used: VS Code, Xpert Learning Assistant Code written in Python.

Recieved assistance in the following aspects of this code:
- total number of unique schools - Xpert Learning Assistant with the use of 'nunique'
- creat a high level snapshot of district's key metrics - peer provided '.pdDataFrame' code
- total student count per school - peer provided '.set_index' code
- use 'pd.cut' to categorize spending based on the bins - peer assisted with error by providing a different variable to input in code 'per_school_capita' rather than 'Per Student Budget' column
- calculate averages for desered columns - Xpert Learning Assistand to fix error received with code, added ', observed=False' to provided starter code
  
Standardized test data can assist in making key decisions in future budgets and staffing needs of schools within a district. Test scores from high schools within the district were analyzed with the following conclusions: 

The top five schools within the district; Carbrera, Thomas, Griffin, Wilson and Pena High Schools, are all charter schools with an overall passing rate (math and reading scores >=70) above 90%. These schools have smaller class sizes and smaller budgets per student when compared to the bottom five schools; Rodriguez, Figueroa, Huang, Hernandez, and Johnson. The bottom five schools are all district schools with an overall passing rate of less than 54%.

Average testing scores across grades in both reading and math did not reflect a significant change within each individual school. However, spending ranges (per student) saw a noticeable difference in testing averages and percentages. The same trend was observed with the size of the school.  As the spending range and size increase, the average test score and percentage of passing test scores decrease. 
 
In conclusion, schools (such as charter schools) with smaller classes sizes produce higher testing scores and overall percentage of passing in both reading and math. Although larger schools have higher budgets and budgets per student, the smaller class size is the key to average test scores and passing grades.
